# Digital-Logic-Circuits-
For this project, I decided to simulate several different circuits using basic analog components and an Arduino Uno. To begin, I constructed a mechanism to mimic the logic of the most elementary logic gates, including the following gates: AND, NAND, OR NOR, XOR and NXOR. Following this, I built a half adder using a quad integrated NAND circuit and a AND gate made from two NPN transistors.  Next, I constructed a full adder using a hex converter integrated circuit and quad AND, OR and NAND integrated circuits. I also simulated a JK Flip Flop using a 955 timer, a quad NAND gate and two additional NAND gates built using two transistors each. I continued to use the 955 timer when putting together a simulation for a binary ripple counter using JK Flip Flops. Here I used four integrated circuits, each of which contained a JK Flip Flop circuit. Moving on from time-based circuity, I then made a 1-2 decoder/demultiplexer by using the hex converter integrated circuit and two AND gates made from two transistors each. To opposite the decoder, I next made an encoder using a quad OR integrated circuit and one OR gate made from two transistors. I concluded my project by building a multiplexer using a hex converter integrated circuit, a quad AND and a quad OR integrated circuit and by using six AND gates made from two transistors each.  All of the circuits that I modelled uses blue or red LEDs to represent either the input or the output of the circuit and utilize the 5 volt power supply and ground pins supplied by the Arduino Uno. 
